feat(cfw): add ip_address, address_group, tag, service_group, custom_service, domain_set_id, domain_set_name attribute for protection rule (#4373)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/cfw_protection_rule.md

  + **0**: inbound;
  + **1**: outbound;

> * `tag` - (Optional, List) The tag of the rule.

Reviewer: use map type
```suggestion
* `tags` - (Optional, Map) The tag of the rule.
```

Author: fixed
